can I yes baby and my only gets very
good strawberry oh hello there push it
push it Taliban push around repello
pusher pusher paddle fellow man Pusha
pollute Chisholm ah nah very good wait
that's right nah
in India orange juice Nathan yah cheetah
yeah chida all right thanks
eight clicks ya know what this is Thanks
yes good boy six flakes very good life
great for Great Lakes right gotcha yes
what two grapes one wait boo boo el
balon late nah left one monkey and two
motifs very good one what like yes one
banana yes to Pinellas Pinellas than
that Jimmy yes Jane boom Cherry Bomb
very good from the simpsons right yay Oh
remember hey are you awake all night of
the pineapple you can say pie noche blue
yellow glaze up hey j / cherry plum
lemon thank you
yeah like me Shu Shu lien ah yeah yeah